feat: official resources section (#967)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/brand-identity.rst

Therefore, to ensure that the Brand Identity is applied consistently and coherently across the different Technical Solutions, and that it supports a high-quality User Experience, Primary Actors MUST comply with the requirements for applying the IT-Wallet System Brand Identity within their Technical Solutions. 
In particular, all Primary Actors:  

> - MUST exclusively follow the indications specified in the Brand Manual, as indicated in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUST exclusively follow the indications specified in the Brand Manual, indicated in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section. 
```

- MAY use the Logo symbol within a shape or a button to reference the connection to IT-Wallet, such as in Engagement Buttons (see :ref:`functionalities:Authentication Button`), in accordance with the Brand Manual. 

> For further information on the Logo and its related symbol refer to the Brand Manual, as indicated in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information on the Logo and its related symbol refer to the Brand Manual, indicated in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section.  
```

- MAY display the Trust Mark alongside other actors' logos, trademarks, or symbols, in accordance with the Brand Manual. 

> For further information on the Trust Mark, refer to the Brand Manual, as indicated in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section. Trust Mark Official Resources are available in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section of these Technical Specifications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information on the Trust Mark, refer to the Brand Manual, indicated in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section. The Trust Mark Official Resource is available in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section of these Technical Specifications. 
```
